Preface
    Below are change i want for DoTA 2 in the future.

1.	All Heroes
  a.	Add Counterspell that reflects and blocks both magical and physical damage for the next attack
2.	Abaddon
  a.	Mist Coil – Replace with something more exciting
  b.	Ruthless Strike – Any damage that the target takes is evenly distributed between surrounding enemies.
3.	Antimage
  a.	Mana break into an innate ability
  b.	Mana Thirst into a basic ability
    i.	a mix between battlefury, mana void, kunkka’s tidebringer and magnetize
4.	Chen
  a.	Add Church of Protection
  b.	Church of protection is an ability that keeps creeps controlled by chen to be unkillable while under its duration.
5.	Dark Seer
  a.	Replace wall of replica
  b.	Void Barrier
    i.	An ability that deals % of the enemy’s max health to enemies in the area when they attack anykind of way.
6.	DawnBreaker
  a.	Replace Celestial Hammer
  b.	Celestial Shield
    i.	Places a shield on an ally or enemy that heals allies surrounding the target when the target takes damage.
7.	Death Prophet
  a.	Replace Spirit Siphon
  b.	Demonic Prophecy
    i.	Puts light on the ground with mechanics like Broodmother’s web spin, the light siphons life from enemies in the zone to death prophet and non-hero allies and increases their attackspeed.
  c.	Tales from the Crypt
    i.	Puts light on the ground with mechanics like Broodmother’s web spin. Allies in the Zone have a mini exorcism with one spirit attacking enemies.
8.	Elder Titan
  a.	Replace Astral Spirit
  b.	Astral Bond
    i.	Astral Spirit that  incubates itself in an allied hero and cause Elder Titan and the possessed ally to cast each other’s abilities when they cast a spell. Basically they both gain dual casting.
    ii.	
9.	Enchantress
  a.	Replace Untouchable
  b.	Nature’s Warren
    i.	Creates a warren in an area. When enemies cast spells or attack no damage is taken in the area. And enemy attackspeed is lowered in the area
10.	Enigma
  a.	Remake Midnight Pulse
    i.	Changed to increase enemy abilities in the area. When allies in the area stand in the area their max health is added up and 5% of that added health is give as damage to enemies when they attack allies or take damage in the area
11.	Lina
  a.	Firewall Aghnims ability
    i.	Creates a wall surrounding her, ranged enemies that attack the wall have their physical damage completely blocked. Enemies that breach the wall take 50% of their max health as damage
12.	Mirana
  a.	Replace Moonlight Shadow
  b.	Moonlight Reflection
    i.	Creates a zone that causes illusions of enemies. Enemies that cast spells in the area have their abilities reflected on them.
13.	NightStalker
  a.	Name changed to Demon Hunter
14.	Phantom Assassin
  a.	Blur replacement
  b.	Shroud of Vengeance
    i.	A passive that allows her to heal when surrounding enemies attack any kind of way including neutral attacking enemies or enemies attacking neutrals.
15.	Phoenix
  a.	Sun ray replacement
  b.	Ashen Rebirth
    i.	Becomes untargetable and disarmed and unmovable…while inactive fire spirits rise from him zeroing in on surrounding enemy units.
16.	Pudge
  a.	I like all his abilities I just want his theme to change into a earth dragon.
17.	Silencer
  a.	Global Silence remake
  b.	Veil of Silence
    i.	Redeveloped to become a silence with an aoe of 5000 radius
18.	Templar Assassin
  a.	Meld Replacement
  b.	Dimensional Shroud
  i.	She goes into another realm allowing allies in the area to decrease enemy armor of enemies hit with their abilities. Armor reduction stacks.
